
This is pitch for debuggify
2>	(b)Web development is moving simple web sites to  complex web allplications

	(a)One of the big trends in web devlopment, that will clearly dominate on going forward, is the tag team match up of HTML5 and CSS3 + JavaScript.
	(c)Moder web development consists of, many frameworks,libraries have flooded the web but The fear is that if things go wrong it would be difficult for you to track if the issue is due to other libraries/framworks or in your code.

	Web developers can take advantage of 1000s of APIs to add more content or functionality to their site.Some of the most used API's are facebook, google, twitter.

	(d)Browsers are updating to continously to provide better functionality and performance.This continual improvement of web browsers is wonderful, but it results in regressive testing : another headeache for developers, delays the product deadlines.

3> i
Because of the rapidly changing nature of web technology, it has become difficult for developers to track the problems and fix it

Here we come to overcome these issues, and help developers track problems  and fix it
Our service will revolutionize the web development experience.




 Today there are many libraries/frameworks used too extensively.Because of the rapidly changing nature of web technology, it seems about every other minute there's some new library/framework available to use in web development, whether it's a new framework or enhancement to an existing technology. 
3> ii
Web APIs change the way,content and services are consumed and manipulated. Web developers can take advantage of 1000s of APIs to add more content or functionality to their site.Some of the most used API's are facebook, google, twitter.
3> iii
Provide Stat using image
4>
Due to these problem, no one can assure that their website will run bugs free forever.
6>
Here we come to overcome these issues and give developer great experience.
Our service will change the web development experience, making life of developer easy.

7>


8>



